Note tailwind version in Upgrading guide (#8772)
activeadmin/activeadmin: UPGRADING.md

> ActiveAdmin v4 uses Tailwind CSS. It has **mobile web, dark mode and RTL support** with a default theme that can be customized through partials and CSS. This release assumes `cssbundling-rails` and `importmap-rails` is installed and configured in the host app. Partials can be modified to include a different asset library, e.g. shakapacker.
> 
> > [!WARNING]  
> > ActiveAdmin v4 is currently incompatible with Tailwind 4. Ensure you pin your version of Tailwind to version 3 for now.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ActiveAdmin v4 uses Tailwind CSS v3 (with an upgrade to v4 coming soon). It has **mobile web, dark mode and RTL support** with a default theme that can be customized through partials and CSS. This release assumes `cssbundling-rails` and `importmap-rails` is installed and configured in the host app. Partials can be modified to include a different asset library, e.g. shakapacker.
```

Reviewer: I'm going to update this as I prefer to call out the version on the first line with an added note that a Tailwind v4 upgrade is coming soon. Thanks.
